If you can't beat it, you dare to say a sneak attack
My mother's grandson is not that bastard who dares to lie to me
And you're playing pig and eating tiger here
Now that you know
Then I don't have to pretend
How dare you act here
Are you fucking stupid?
This is my home.
A place to escape from home and be buried
You idiot
Do you believe it or not?
No matter how I clean you up, no one will help you
Don't you dare
How dare you hit me?
I think that most of them don't dare to hit me
Bastard let me go
Grandpa dad
Bastard, don't come here again
Let go of me
Are they two escorts?
Accompanying you to death is a slap in the face
The more I look for the prince now
The more embarrassed you are to die, let me go
Grandpa
grandfather
Let your guards shoot this bastard